1. “Human strength lies in the ability to change yourself.” — Saitama, One Punch Man

2. “You can die anytime, but living takes true courage.” — Kenshin Himura, Rurouni Kenshin

3. “Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.” — Gildarts Clive, Fairy Tail

4. “A person can change, at the moment when the person wishes to change.” — Haruhi Fujioka, Ouran Highschool Host Club

5. “You will never be able to love anybody else until you love yourself.” — Lelouch Lamperouge, Code Geass

6. “All we can do is live until the day we die. Control what we can…and fly free.” — Deneil Young, Space Brothers

7. “If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future.” — Monkey D. Luffy, One Piece

8. “If you don’t share someone’s pain, you can never understand them.” — Nagato, Naruto

9. “There’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!” — Shintaro Midorima, Kuroko’s Basketball

10. “When you hit the point of no return, that’s the moment it truly becomes a journey. If you can still turn back, it’s not really a journey.” — Hinata Miyake, A Place Further than the Universe

11. “The world isn’t perfect. But it’s there for us, doing the best it can… that’s what makes it so damn beautiful.” — Roy Mustang, Full Metal Alchemist

12. “Simplicity is the easiest path to true beauty.” — Seishuu Handa, Barakamon

13. “The past is the past. We cannot indulge ourselves in memories and destroy the present.” — Murata Ken, Kyou Kara Maou

14. “Knowing what it feels like to be in pain is exactly why we try to be kind to others.” — Jiraiya, Naruto

15. Mistakes are not shackles that halt one from stepping forward. Rather, they are that which sustain and grow one’s heart.” — Mavis Vermillon, Fairy Tail

16. “All things change in a dynamic environment. Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you.” — Puppet Master, Ghost in the Shell

17. “No matter how many weapons you have, no matter how great your technology might be, the world cannot live without love.” — Sheeta, Castle in the Sky

18. “A heart’s a heavy burden.” — Sophie, Howl’s Moving Castle

19. “The scars you can’t see are the hardest to heal.” — Nao Tomori, Charlotte

20. “It’s not dying that frightens us. It’s living without ever having done our best.” — The Elder, Castlevania

21. “No matter how messed up things get, you can always figure out the best solution.” —Eren Yeager, Attack on Titan

22. “There’s no future for people who worship the future…” — Shun Kazama, From Up on Poppy Hill

23. “Searching for someone to blame is such a pain.” — Satoru Goju, Jujutsu Kaisen

24. “Sometimes, we have to look beyond what we want and do what’s best.” — Piccolo, Dragon Ball Z

25. “It’s quiet, but can you hear it? Little by little, the tides are changing, and the world with them.” — Shakuyaku, One Piece

26. “Believe in your own power.” — Mikasa Ackerman, Attack on Titan

27. “Helping other people is the best way to make up for your mistakes.” — Kenshin Himura, Rurouni Kenshin

28. “Everything has a beginning and an end. Life is just a cycle of starts and stops. There are ends we don’t desire, but they’re inevitable; we have to face them. It’s what being human is all about.” — Jet Black, Cowboy Bebop

29. “Whether a fish lives in a clear stream or a water ditch, so long as it continues swimming forward, it will grow up beautifully.” — Koro-sensei, Assassination Classroom

30. “Like I always say, can’t find a door? Make your own.” — Edward Elric, Fullmetal Alchemist

31. “People who continue to put their lives on the line to defend their faith become heroes and continue to exist on in legend.” — Naruto Uzumaki, Naruto

32. “We need to stop living for others. From now on…Let’s live for ourselves!” — Historia Reiss, Attack on Titan

33. “As the living, it is our responsibility to carry out the wishes of the ones who are gone.” — Akame, Akame Ga Kill

34. “Those who stand at the top determine what’s wrong and what’s right! This very place is neutral ground! Justice will prevail, you say? But, of course, it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!” — Donquixote Doflamingo, One Piece

35. “Forgetting is like a wound. The wound may heal, but it has already left a scar.” — Monkey D. Luffy, One Piece

36. “You need to accept the fact that you’re not the best and have all the will to strive to be better than anyone you face.” — Roronoa Zoro, One Piece

37. “People who can’t throw something important away can never hope to change anything.” — Armin Arlert, Attack on Titan

38. “If you begin to regret, you’ll dull your future decisions and let others make your choices for you. All that’s left for you then is to die. Nobody can foretell the outcome. Each decision you make holds meaning only by affecting your next decision.” — Erwin Smith, Attack on Titan

39. Fools who don’t respect the past are likely to repeat it.” — Nico Robin, One Piece

40. “A life that lives without doing anything is the same as a slow death.” — Lelouch, Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion

41. “The strong should aid and protect the weak. Then, the weak will become strong, and they, in turn, will aid and protect those weaker than them. That is the law of nature.” — Tanjiro Kamado, Demon Slayer

42. “I guess, as long as I have life, all I can do is fight with all my might.” — Subaru Natsuki, Re:Zero

43. “When you give up, that’s when the game ends.” — Mitsuyoshi Anzai, Slam Dunk

44. “You’re gonna care what other people think and be someone you’re not your whole life? You’re fine as you are. So, talk in your own words.” — Ymir, Attack on Titan

45. “What good are dreams if all you do is work? There’s more to life than hitting the books, you know.” — Tamaki Suoh, Ouran High School Host Club

46. “I see now that the circumstances of one’s birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.” — Mewtwo, Pokemon: The First Movie

47. “Life is short, so it will be appreciated. We live to our fullest due to that.” — Heiji Hattori, Detective Conan

48. “If you never listen to anyone, you can’t give proper advice.” — Monk Momoaki, The Boy and the Beast

49. “The important thing is not how long you live. It’s what you accomplish with your life.” — Grovyle, Pokemon

50. “Push through the pain. Giving up hurts more.” — Vegeta, Dragon Ball Z

51. “When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.” — Madara Uchiha, Naruto

52. “When you fall in love with someone, you start wanting to know lots of things about that person.” — Ninako Kinoshita, Strobe Edge

53. Even if I lose this feeling, I’m sure I’ll just fall in love with you all over again. — Syaoran Li, Cardcaptor Sakura

54. “Even if I searched the world over, no one could compare to you.” — Hikaru Hitachiin, Ouran Highschool Host Club

55. “Love is simply an electrical bug in the human neural circuit.” — Akasaka Ryuunosuke, My Pet Girl Sakurasou

56. “However little strength I’m capable of, I’ll do everything humanly possible to protect the people I love.” — Roy Mustang, Fullmetal Alchemist

57. “Love is like a mirror that reflects your bad side. Especially when it’s unrequited, you get envious, jealous, prejudiced and resentful. You have to face all sorts of emotions, but there’s no reason to find that shameful.” — Margery Daw, Shakugan No Shana

58. “Once you fall in love, you really love that person through thick and thin.” — Oka Chinami, Golden Time!

59. “If it’s possible for one person to be hurt by another, then it’s possible for that person to be healed by another.” — Sohma Hatori, Fruits Basket

60. “Even if I lose this feeling, I’m sure that I’ll just fall in love with you all over again.” –Syaoran Li, Cardcaptor Sakura

61. “When it comes to people you really love, you don’t care about yourself.” — Kurosawa Yamato, Say I Love You

62. “The moment you find the courage to give up your life for someone…would be the moment you understand love.” — Kenshin Himura, Samurai X

63. “I love you with all my heart…If you were to stay here with me, there would be no regrets…because every day we’d do something fun, we’d be happy, I swear…I would do anything for you! So…please, just stay with me!” — Sakura Haruno, Naruto

64. “You changed me! Your smile is what saved me! That is why I’m not afraid to die protecting you! Because I love you.” — Hyuuga Hinata, Naruto

65. “Love is never as simple as sharing the same path.” — Khamsin, Shakugan No Shana

66. “People cannot win against their loneliness.” — Gaara, Naruto

67. “I’ve gained freedom…and yet… it’s so lonesome…” — Sohma Momiji, Fruits Basket

68. “Living is anxiety and pain. It’s continuing to think, continuing to choose.” — Alcor, Devil Survivor

69. “Dead people receive more flowers than living ones because regret is stronger than gratitude.” — Violet Evergarden, Violet Evergarden

70. “Humans die. Animals die. Plants die. Even soul reapers die. It’s the arch of the universe. Everything that comes to life eventually ceases to exist.” — Baraggan Louisenbairn, Bleach

71. “The scariest and the most painful thing is to be hated by someone you truly love.” — Tohru Honda, Fruits Basket

72. “When do you think people die? When they are shot through the heart by the bullet of a pistol? No. When they are ravaged by an incurable disease? No. When they drink a soup made from a poisonous mushroom? No! It’s when…they are forgotten.” — Dr. Hiruluk, One Piece

73. “To know sorrow is not terrifying. What is terrifying is to know you can’t go back to the happiness you could have.” — Matsumoto Rangiku, Bleach

74. “Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.” — Lucy Heartfilia, Fairy Tail

75. “Never trust anyone too much; remember, the devil was once an angel.” — Ken Kaneki, Tokyo Ghoul

76. “I always, always wondered, I was born to die, so what was my reason for existing in this world?” — Yuuki Konno, Sword Art Online

77. “Whatever you lose, you’ll find it again. But what you throw away, you’ll never get back.” — Kenshin Himura, Rurouni Kenshin

78. “Death is simply another stage of our life.” — Grand Elder Guru, Dragon Ball Z

79. “Loneliness is a sickness that leads to death.” — Holo, Spice and Wolf

80. “All this time, I seriously thought that it’s better to die than to live your life alone.” — Kirito, Sword Art Online

81. “The ticket to the future is always open.” — Vash the Stampede, Trigun

82. “The only way to truly escape the mundane is for you to constantly be evolving. Whether you choose to aim high or aim low. Enjoy each day for what it is.” — Izaya Orihara, Durararabl

83. “It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot.” — Reiko Mikami, Another

84. “No matter how deep the night, it always turns to day, eventually.” — Brook, One Piece

85. “Miracles don’t happen by just sitting around. We have to make them happen ourselves.” — Kiyoshi Fujino, Prison School

86. “The moment you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.” — Natsu Dragneel, Fairy Tail

87. “Destiny. Fate. Dreams. These unstoppable ideas are held deep in the heart of man. As long as there are people who seek freedom in this life, these things shall not vanish from the Earth.” — Gol D. Roger, One Piece

88. “Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard.” — Sora, No Game No Life

89. “Every journey begins with a single step. We just have to have patience.” — Milly Thompson, Trigun

90. “Learn to treasure your life because unfortunately, it can be taken away from you anytime.” — L Lawliet, Death Note

91. “There’s no such thing as a painless lesson. They just don’t exist. Sacrifices are necessary. You can’t gain anything without losing something first.” — Edward Elric, Fullmetal Alchemist

92. “Sometimes I do feel like I’m a failure. Like there’s no hope for me. But even so, I’m not gonna give up. Ever!” — Izuku Midoriyo, My Hero Academia

93. “To know sorrow is not terrifying. What is terrifying is to know you can’t go back to happiness you could have.” — Matsumoto Rangiku, Bleach

94. “You should enjoy the little detours to the fullest. Because that’s where you’ll find the things more important than what you want.” — Ging Freecss, Hunter x Hunter

95. “People’s lives don’t end when they die, it ends when they lose faith.” — Itachi Uchiha, Naruto

96. “What are you so hesitant about? It’s your dream, isn’t it? It’s right in front of you, and you’re wavering? You gotta be reckless and take whatever you can!” — Tomoya Okazaki, Clannad

97. “Sometimes, you need a little wishful thinking to keep on living.” — Misato Katsuragi, Neon Genesis Evangelion

98. “The night might seem endless right now, but I promise, the morning will come again.” — Suzume, Suzume no Tojimari

99. “You cannot alter your fate. However, you can rise to meet it.” — Hi-sama, Princess Mononoke

100. “Hard work is worthless for those that don’t believe in themselves.” — Naruto Uzumaki, Naruto

101. “Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need.” — Goku, Dragon Ball Z

102. “In our society, letting others find out that you're a nice person is a very risky move. It's extremely exhausting.” — Senjougahara Hitagi, Bakemonogatari

103 “The world is not beautiful. Therefore, it is.” — Kino, Kino’s Journey

104. “Being alone is more painful than getting hurt.” — Lala Satalin Deviluke, To Love-Ru

105. “Even if you’re weak, there are miracles you can seize with your hands if you fight on to the very end.” — Uryuu Minene, Future Diary

106. “A lesson learned at the cost of something precious is not easily forgotten.” — Kaori Miyazono, Your Lie in April

107. “There are... things that cannot be explained by logic. That’s what makes them interesting.” — L, Death Note

108. “You think you can just erase a person’s life and start fresh like nothing happened? No one can escape their past.” — Johan Liebert, Monster

109. “I’m not the protagonist of a novel or anything… I’m just a college student who likes to read.” — Subaru Natsuki, Re:Zero

110. “Just because someone is important to you, it doesn’t mean that that person feels the same way about you.” — Mikako Satsukitane, Heaven’s Lost Property

111. “A world without pain sounds wonderful, but it’s also a world without growth.” — Eris Boreas Greyrat, Mushoku Tensei

112. “I don't know everything. I just know what I know.” — Holo, Spice and Wolf

113. “Even if I can’t do it now, I might be able to do it someday if I try hard enough.” — Tohru Honda, Fruits Basket

114. “I'm not weird. I'm limited edition.”  — Misaki Ayuzawa, Kaichou wa Maid-sama!

115. “It's not about whether it’s impossible or not. You have to try.” — Yui Hirasawa, K-On!

116. “If you’re always worried about crushing the ants beneath you, you won’t be able to walk.” — Gin Ichimaru, Bleach

117. “What is right? What is wrong? It’s not about the answer, it’s about the path you take to get there.” — Shiki Ryougi, Kara no Kyōkai

118. “Everyone dies eventually, whether they have power or not. That’s why you need to think about what you want to accomplish.” — Mary Macbeth, Blood Blockade Battlefront

119. “Even if I cry, even if I scream, the reality doesn’t change. That’s why I have to move forward.” — Oumae Kumiko, Hibike! Euphonium

120. “If you’re going to hit rock bottom, might as well make it your foundation to stand back up.” — Kazuma Satou, KonoSuba